Once upon aFsdfafadfsdga time, in a far-off kingdom, there lived a poodfr but kind-hearted young man named Jack. He lived with his mother in a small cottage on the outskirts of the kingdom. Despite their poverty, Jack and his mother were content and happy.

One day, the king of the kingdom announced that he would give a large sum of money and the hand of his beautiful daughter in marriage to the person who could climb to the top of a nearby mountain and bring back the golden goose that laid golden eggs.

Many brave and strong men attempted the task, but none of them succeeded. One day, Jack decided to try his luck. He set out on his journey, and after several hours of climbing, he reached the top of the mountain. There he found the golden goose and carefully brought it back to the kingdom.

The king was delighted and kept his promise. He gave Jack the large sum of money and the hand of his daughter in marriage. Jack and his mother were overjoyed and lived happily ever after.

But the story doesn't end there. The golden goose continued to lay golden eggs, and Jack and his wife became wealthy beyond their wildest dreams. However, their wealth attracted the attention of a greedy thief, who snatched the goose and ran away.

Without the golden goose, Jack and his wife fell back into poverty. But they did not lose hope. They worked hard and persevered, and eventually, they found a way to make a living without the goose.

In the end, Jack and his wife realized that true happiness comes not from wealth, but from love, hard work, and perseverance. And they lived the rest of their lives with contentment and joy, cherishing the memories of their adventure with the golden goose.

A wiki (/ˈwɪki/ (listen) WIK-ee) is an online hypertext publication collaboratively edited and managed by its own audience, using a web browser. A typical wiki contains multiple pages for the subjects or scope of the project, and could be either open to the public or limited to use within an organization for maintaining its internal knowledge base.

Wikis are enabled by wiki software, otherwise known as wiki engines. A wiki engine, being a form of a content management system, differs from other web-based systems such as blog software, in that the content is created without any defined owner or leader, and wikis have little inherent structure, allowing structure to emerge according to the needs of the users.[1] Wiki engines usually allow content to be written using a simplified markup language and sometimes edited with the help of a rich-text editor.[2] There are dozens of different wiki engines in use, both standalone and part of other software, such as bug tracking systems. Some wiki engines are free and open-source, whereas others are proprietary. Some permit control over different functions (levels of access); for example, editing rights may permit changing, adding, or removing material. Others may permit access without enforcing access control. Other rules may be imposed to organize content.

There are hundreds of thousands of wikis in use, both public and private, including wikis functioning as knowledge management resources, note-taking tools, community websites, and intranets. Ward Cunningham, the developer of the first wiki software, WikiWikiWeb, originally described wiki as "the simplest online database that could possibly work".[3] "Wiki" (pronounced [wiki][note 1]) is a Hawaiian word meaning "quick".[4][5][6]

The online encyclopedia project Wikipedia is the most popular wiki-based website, and is one of the most widely viewed sites in the world, having been ranked in the top twenty since 2007.[7] Wikipedia is not a single wiki but rather a collection of hundreds of wikis, with each one pertaining to a specific language. The English-language Wikipedia has the largest collection of articles: as of February 2020, it has over 6 million articles.

A wiki enables communities of editors and contributors to write documents collaboratively. All that people require to contribute is a computer, Internet access, a web browser, and a basic understanding of a simple markup language (e.g. MediaWiki markup language). A single page in a wiki website is referred to as a "wiki page", while the entire collection of pages, which are usually well-interconnected by hyperlinks, is "the wiki". A wiki is essentially a database for creating, browsing, and searching through information. A wiki allows non-linear, evolving, complex, and networked text, while also allowing for editor argument, debate, and interaction regarding the content and formatting.[10] A defining characteristic of wiki technology is the ease with which pages can be created and updated. Generally, there is no review by a moderator or gatekeeper before modifications are accepted and thus lead to changes on the website. Many wikis are open to alteration by the general public without requiring registration of user accounts. Many edits can be made in real-time and appear almost instantly online, but this feature facilitates abuse of the system. Private wiki servers require user authentication to edit pages, and sometimes even to read them. Maged N. Kamel Boulos, Cito Maramba, and Steve Wheeler write that the open wikis produce a process of Social Darwinism. "... because of the openness and rapidity that wiki pages can be edited, the pages undergo an evolutionary selection process, not unlike that which nature subjects to living organisms. 'Unfit' sentences and sections are ruthlessly culled, edited and replaced if they are not considered 'fit', which hopefully results in the evolution of a higher quality and more relevant page."[11]

Regenerate response